[docs][serve] add doc for keep alive timeout (#39334)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/http-guide.md

> - use Ray Serve to integrate with FastAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Ray Serve to integrate with FastAPI
```

> - use customized HTTP adapters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use customized HTTP adapters
```

> - choose which feature to use for your use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Choose which feature to use for your use case
```

> - setup keep alive timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up keep alive timeout
```

(ServeReplica:default_StreamingResponder pid=50842) Cancelled! Exiting.
(ServeReplica:default_StreamingResponder pid=50842) INFO 2023-07-10 16:08:45,756 default_StreamingResponder default_StreamingResponder#cmpnmF ahteNDQSWx / default replica.py:691 - __CALL__ OK 1019.1ms
```

(serve-http-guide-keep-alive-timeout)=
## Set keep alive timeout

Serve uses a Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default, Uvicorn
keeps HTTP connections alive for 5 seconds between requests. Modify the keep-alive
timeout by setting the `keep_alive_timeout_s` in the `http_options` field of the Serve

> config files. This config is global to your Ray cluster, and it cannot be updated during

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config files. This config is global to your Ray cluster, and you can't update it during
```

> runtime. You can also set `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` environment variable to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runtime. You can also set the `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` environment variable to
```

> set the keep alive timeout. `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` will take the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set the keep alive timeout. `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` takes
```

> precedence over the `keep_alive_timeout_s` config if both are set. You can find more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
precedence over the `keep_alive_timeout_s` config if both are set. See
```

> information about Uvicorn's keep alive timeout [here](https://www.uvicorn.org/settings/#keep-alive-timeout).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uvicorn's keep alive timeout [guide](https://www.uvicorn.org/settings/#keep-alive-timeout) for more information.
```

Reviewer: I think this reference is broken. Did you mean: https://www.uvicorn.org/settings/#timeouts ?

Author: oh interesting, I was meant to link to https://www.uvicorn.org/server-behavior/#timeouts but somehow got the wrong one. Thanks for catching it!

    :members: json_to_ndarray, image_to_ndarray, starlette_request, json_request, pandas_read_json, json_to_multi_ndarray

```

(serve-http-guide-keep-alive-timeout)=
### Set keep alive timeout

Serve uses a Uvicorn HTTP server internally to serve HTTP requests. By default, Uvicorn
keeps HTTP connections alive for 5 seconds between requests. Modify the keep-alive
timeout by setting the `keep_alive_timeout_s` in the `http_options` field of the Serve
config files. This config is global to your Ray cluster, and it cannot be updated during
runtime. You can also set `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` environment variable to
set the keep alive timeout. `RAY_SERVE_HTTP_KEEP_ALIVE_TIMEOUT_S` will take the
precedence over the `keep_alive_timeout_s` config if both are set. You can find more

> information about Uvicorn's keep alive timeout [here](https://www.uvicorn.org/settings/#keep-alive-timeout).

Reviewer 2: I think right now this is under `HTTP Adapters`:
<img width="257" alt="image" src="https://github.com/ray-project/ray/assets/15851518/122c5c60-b5db-4a4c-9976-c416a1d1fbd5">

Author: oops, thanks for catching it!
